docs(block): documentation rework (#2449)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/block/how-to/delete-a-volume.mdx

  - You have [created](/storage/block/how-to/create-a-volume/) a Block Storage volume
</Message>

<Message type="important">
  - You must detach your volume from the Instance it is linked to. Refer to our documenation to find out [how to do so](/storage/block/how-to/detach-a-volume/).

>   - [Unmounting](/storage/block/api-cli/unmounting-a-volume/) your device from the operating system before detaching the Block Storage volume, is highly recommended, to avoid data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We highly recommend that you [unmount](/storage/block/api-cli/unmounting-a-volume/) your device from the operating system before detaching the Block Storage volume, to avoid data loss.
```

</Message>

1. Click **Block Storage** in the **Storage** section of the Scaleway Console side menu. A list of your volumes displays.
2. Click <Icon name="more" /> > **Delete** next to the volume of your choice. A pop-up displays.
3. Type `DELETE` to confirm.
4. Click **Delete volume** to remove the volume from your account.
    <Message type="important">

>       This action permanently deletes your volume and all the data it contains. If you do not want to lose this data, make sure you back your data before deleting the volume.

Reviewer: as above

>       This action permanently deletes your volume and all the data it contains. If you do not want to lose this data, make sure you back your data before deleting the volume.

Author: ```suggestion
      This action permanently deletes your volume and all the data it contains. If you do not want to lose this data, make a backup before deleting the volume.
```
